Unifying techniques (#10)
greenelab/knowledge-graph-review: content/04.network_applications.md

### Unifying Techniques

> Mapping high dimensional data into a low dimensional space improves modeling performance in fields such as Natural Language Processing [@arxiv:1301.3781; @arxiv:1310.4546] and Image Analysis [@arxiv:1512.03385].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mapping high dimensional data into a low dimensional space has greatly improved modeling performance in fields such as natural language processing [@arxiv:1301.3781; @arxiv:1310.4546] and image analysis [@arxiv:1512.03385].
```

> Previous success of these approaches provides rationale for projecting a knowledge graph into a low dimensional space [@arxiv:1709.05584].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The success of these approaches provides rationale for projecting knowledge graphs into a low dimensional space as well [@arxiv:1709.05584].
```

Techniques that perform this projection often require information on how nodes are connected with one another [@raw:gongreplearn; @doi:10.1109/TKDE.2016.2606098; @raw:hanreplearn; @doi:10.1145/2806416.2806512], while other approaches can work directly with the edges themselves [@arxiv:1610.04073].

> We group the above methods into the following three categories: matrix factorization, translational methods, and deep learning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We group methods for producing low-dimensional representations of knowledge graphs into the following three categories: matrix factorization, translational methods, and deep learning.
```

> The rest of this section will describe selected techniques in each category as well as discuss the pros and cons of methods within each category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
